c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\obj\Debug\UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\NLog.config
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\UI.dll.config
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\UI.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\UI.pdb
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\dotless.Core.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Logger.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.Less.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\NLog.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Logger.pdb
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.Less.pdb
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.Less.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\NLog.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\obj\Debug\UI.dll
c:\Users\technologies\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hangout\UI\obj\Debug\UI.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\NLog.config
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\UI.dll.config
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\UI.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\UI.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\BusinessLogicLayer.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\dotless.Core.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Entity.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Logger.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\MoreLinq.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Owin.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.ValueTuple.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.Less.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\UIHelper.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Utility.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\DataAccessLayer.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\NLog.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\BusinessLogicLayer.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Entity.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Logger.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\UIHelper.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Utility.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\MoreLinq.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.ValueTuple.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.Less.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.Less.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\DataAccessLayer.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\bin\NLog.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\obj\Debug\UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\obj\Debug\UI.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout\UI\obj\Debug\UI.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\NLog.config
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\UI.dll.config
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\UI.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\UI.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\BusinessLogicLayer.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\dotless.Core.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Entity.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Logger.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\MoreLinq.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Owin.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.ValueTuple.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.Less.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\UIHelper.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Utility.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\DataAccessLayer.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\NLog.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\BusinessLogicLayer.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Entity.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Logger.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\UIHelper.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Utility.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\MoreLinq.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.ValueTuple.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.Less.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.Less.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\DataAccessLayer.pdb
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\bin\NLog.xml
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\obj\Debug\UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\obj\Debug\UI.dll
F:\Document\Hangout-Project\Hangout-26-06-18\UI\obj\Debug\UI.pdb
